Implemented changes to adapt routingkey template to sepia (#247)
eiffel-community/eiffel-remrem-publish: wiki/markdown/installation.md

The latest REMReM Publish CLI binary can be downloaded via [publish-cli.jar](https://jitpack.io/#eiffel-community/eiffel-remrem-publish).

The latest REMReM Publish Service binary can be downloaded via [publish-service.war](https://jitpack.io/#eiffel-community/eiffel-remrem-publish).

> The latest REMReM Publish uses sepia protocol. To make it compatible prior to sepia protocol versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest REMReM Publish uses the routing key structure defined in [Eiffel Sepia](https://eiffel-community.github.io/eiffel-sepia/rabbitmq-message-broker.html). To make it compatible to prior routing key structure
```

Author: Edited as per suggestion

create a file at desired location : path/to/routing-key-overrides.properties
with the below mapping and pass the file location to the jar as follows

> Ex: java -DsemanticsRoutingkeyTypeOverrideFilepath=path/to/routing-key-overrides.properties -jar publish-service.war

Reviewer 2: Should be -Dcom.ericsson.eiffel.remrem.publish.messasgebus.semanticsRoutingkeyTypeOverrideFilepath

Author: If system property is not set it will take semanticsRoutingkeyTypeOverrideFilepath as in the application properties

Reviewer 2: Yes, works fine.
